(News music playing)
Good evening. I'm Randall park.
Candidate Dwayne Johnson
finds himself embroiled
in controversy today
over the announcement
of his vice presidential
running mate,
general Monica Jackson.
As a west point cadet,
general Jackson wrote
a weekly humor column
for the school newspaper
called just joking,
where she offered up
"witticisms
of mass destruction".
Yeah.
Randall, we have vetted
general Jackson thoroughly,
and I've seen her column.
Even this one,
where she calls UN
secretary general kofi annan
"a weak cup of kofi"?
Look, clearly she's not
my running mate
for her sense of humor.
She's here because we have
a shared vision for the country.
Well, as someone who's
familiar with comedy
from my acting days,
I know how polarizing it can be.
Amy polarizing.
(Laughs) That's good! Yeah.
That is good. Get in
here. That's good. Okay.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Awesome. Uh, where you going?
We still have an interview,
I think, right?
Oh, oh, sorry. No, I...
I... I just got excited.
Caught up in the moment.
Yeah. It was a good joke.
Thank you, thank you.
Anyway, so certain factions
are calling on you
to choose a new running mate,
saying that Jackson
lacks the credibility
to be vice president.
Look, she's still my partner
in this thing,
and I don't leave
my partners behind.
Mmm. Hopkins taught me that one.
Hopkins? Yeah.
Yes, yes, Hopkins, Hopkins.
Your costar
in the scorpion king, right?
No one named Hopkins
on that one.
Right, no, no.
That's not Hopkins.
Hopkins was...
You know, Randall,
it might be easier
if I just told you the story.
Right. (Laughs)
1991, I was playing football
for the university of Miami.
(Music playing) Man:
(Rapping) Miami bass, bass, bass
adult Dwayne: So I've been open
about how badly I handled
my first semester of college,
getting injured and almost
flunking out of school.
I was spending
the off-season rehabbing
and getting myself back on track
and ready for a new season
with new teammates.
You Dwayne Johnson?
Yeah, who's asking?
Warren sapp, freshman tight end.
Miami bass, bass, bass, bass
future bench-press
record holder.
Oh, you think you got it?
Man, get your sharpie
ready. (Laughs)
Okay, freshman.
I don't want no excuses.
I know you already been working.
Don't worry. You won't hear any.
Uh-huh. Let's get it.
(Grunts)
This is so easy. So easy.
I'm thinking about what
I'm about to have for lunch.
I wish I had a book.
I'd start reading it.
Adult Dwayne: I was
feeling strong,
couldn't wait
for the next season to start.
My parents were so excited,
they even watched tapes
of our practice scrimmages.
Whoo-hoo!
Something happen on that play?
Yes, Dewey didn't get hurt!
Ooh, you know! Yeah,
you like that, Dewey?
What about this?
You know what those grades mean?
You're still
on academic probation.
Coach 0, how did you get
my grades? Aren't they private?
Nothing's private from me,
son. This ain't no joke now.
Not only do you need to get
these grades up,
you need to show the school
your appreciativeness
to even letting you play.
Like compliment them
on the renovations
they made to
the administration building.
You are making me
so mad, Dwayne.
You need to volunteer.
Do something to help
the university.
Show them your dedication
to the school
goes beyond football.
Here.
Call this guy.
Tell him you want to help out
with campus security.
This is real important,
Dewey. You can't mess this up.
Uh, coach, this is your card.
What? Oh.
Kind of looks like me, don't it?
Yeah, I found that
on the clip art.
There, that face.
Adult Dwayne: While I
was doing whatever! Had to
to keep playing football,
my grandmother was returning
to the u. S.
After years of exile in Samoa.
Could you take
your hat off, please?
Why? It's obscuring your face.
Are you hitting on me? Ma'am.
Fine.
And where are you coming from?
Where am I coming from?
Hell, that's where.
Lia: For almost
two years in Samoa,
I was homeless and sleeping
on people's couches,
and at night, I would stare
up in the stars,
thinking about getting back
to my family,
and then one day I heard
from my daughter.
She told me that my grandson
had found a way
to get me back into the country.
My prayers had been answered.
Okay, so,
under "countries visited,"
I'm just gonna put Samoa.
Idiot.
Stupid.
Okay, wait. I'm confused.
How did you get her back
into the country
if she was deported
by the federal government?
Let's just say that I found
a little loophole in the law,
and she became a citizen again.
Can I ask a follow-up question?
I wouldn't. Just a quick one.
Was Hopkins somehow involved
in all that?
No, he wasn't.
I hadn't met Hopkins yet.
I was about to.
Adult Dwayne:
Coach's contact pulled through
and helped me get a job
in campus security
in a department called
"phone services".
You'll be checking
the emergency phones on campus
to make sure
they're operational.
Okay, so I just have to...
Don't worry, I'm gonna have one
of our most experienced
techs train you.
Hopkins!
Hopkins! Hopkins!
That's Hopkins. That's Hopkins.
Come on, give me some.
(Laughs) All right, yes!
Where you going? We're
still doing the interview.
Oh, that's right.
You're totally right.
That's right. That's right.
There we go.
Okay, sorry about that.
Itsokay justgotexcned.
It's Hopkins. Hopkins!
Hopkins, this is your new
partner, Dwayne Johnson.
I don't need a partner.
I'm good, thanks.
This isn't a choice, Hopkins.
This is an assignment.
Get somebody else to take him.
I've got seniority,
for god sakes.
Come on.
Show Dwayne the ropes.
Just eight months to graduation.
So we just check
the phone and...
Okay, here's the deal.
None of that matters. All right?
We write our names on that
sign-in sheet every morning,
get the list of phones
we're supposed to check,
then go home and watch movies
until it's time to sign out.
What? But Justin said that...
He has to say that,
but he knows the deal.
We look out for each other.
Now that I've told you,
you're a part of that circle.
Look, this job is keeping
me on the football field.
If you're messing with my
chances to get to the NFL,
I will kill you.
Just take it easy,
big fella, all right?
Just follow my lead,
and everything will be fine.
The only thing I need to know
is, do you like action movies?
Of course I like action movies.
Then welcome to the
greatest scam in college history.
(Sirens wailing on TV)
Hopkins: Whoa!
Yo, you sure about this?
We just watch movies and
then go back and sign out
at the end of our shift?
You sure we don't have
to check any campus phones?
Look here, man. I used to check
the phones like a good soldier
my first few months here,
and you know what I found?
They worked. If they
don't, somebody'd tell us.
We're entirely unnecessary.
Trust me, I've been doing this
a long time, almost a year.
(Gun firing on TV)
(Chuckles) This flick is good.
Not as good
as Schwarzenegger's...
Best action star of all time.
No, Stallone, all day.
This isn't a debate.
It's a fact.
Uh, it's a fact that my guy
could take your guy
via land, sea, air, and time.
Say your daughter gets kidnapped
by a Latin American dictator.
Okay.
You can send one guy to
save her, who do you pick?
Rambo. Mmm-mmm.
He's experienced
in tropical environments.
He's escaped a pow camp.
He knows how to deal
with a loose Cannon.
Rambo knows Vietnam.
He doesn't know South America.
And, yeah, he escaped
a pow camp,
but he lost his best friends
in the process.
'Cause he was double-crossed!
Schwarzenegger
doesn't make excuses.
Oh, but I'm sure you will
for red Sonja.
Two beautiful foreigners
with swords getting revenge?
I don't see a problem.
(Bomb exploding on TV) Ooh!
Here we are!
(Grunts) Why are these so heavy?
It's the wood for my carvings.
So, we have a surprise.
We've called some
of the old crew,
and they're all coming to town.
We're throwing you a
barbecue this weekend.
Who's gonna man the grill?
Why is that everyone's
first question?
Who cares who mans the grill?
Ah, Dewey.
I can't wait to see him.
Won't be long
before you're able to see him
play football on TV on Saturday.
You hear that, high chief?
Your grandson, big star,
playing football on TV.
How much he get paid?
Nothing. They don't
get paid in college.
Stupid. You made me bore
the high chief with stupid news?
You know how busy he is
in heaven?
Schwarzenegger on TV:
You son of a bitch.
He's no Stallone, but your guy
Schwarzenegger can deliver a catchphrase.
Hell, yeah, he can.
(Imitates Schwarzenegger)
Get to the chopper. Get to the chopper.
Get to the chopper.
Get to the chopper!
Yeah!
Hopkins: Oh, there it is,
there it is. It's coming, it's coming.
Oh! Yes!
(The touch by Stan bush playing)
(Young Dwayne laughs)
Hopkins: Watch this.
Hopkins: Oh! Ahhh!
(Both laughing)
You've never walked
you've never run
you're a winner
Schwarzenegger:
Kill me! I'm here!
Come on, do it now! Kill me!
(Yells)
(Laughs)
You have to cut the ground wire.
It's the blue wire
with the white stripe.
You got the power
yes!
You got the touch
you see, the mud
is what protects you.
No, I don't... iwould've
seen him regardless.
It's invisibility.
You would not have seen him.
Young Dwayne:
Bro, you don't know my powers.
Says here all the phones
are in working order.
You sure about that?
Of course we're sure.
Young Dwayne: I was gonna say,
"we have total recall."
Here you go. Young
Dwayne: That's hilarious.
Have a good one.
You guys better hope
those phones are working.
That was Amanda Chavez from
hq. She's doing quality control.
What do you mean
quality control?
She's checking the phones.
She's got your checklist,
and she's gonna
make sure it's accurate.
You said no one ever checks.
They don't.
They never do.
Well, they are now.
Amanda Chavez is checking
your work,
and if anything's off,
we're all screwed.
Oh, I can't mess this up.
My football career, my life
is on the line.
And I'm saving up
for a sega Genesis.
Then you need to get
to those phones
before Amanda Chavez does.
Do not screw this up!
God help us if Chavez is
wearing her comfortable heels.
(Birds chirping)
(Dramatic music playing)
Move, move, move, move!
Whoa! Excuse me!
Sorry, sorry!
(Birds chirping)
She's halfway
to the first phone.
How are we gonna beat her
there without her seeing us?
What if we go this way?
Jump the arboretum wall?
That bitch is eight feet high!
Or we could go
through the natatorium.
Pool. Man, the lifeguards
will make us walk.
Well, the arboretum
or the natatorium?
The arboretum or the natatorium?
Make the call! The arboretum!
Okay.
(Grunts)
(Birds chirping)
(Line trilling)
All right, itworks.
Hey, Hopkins, look.
Hopkins: What's
she doing over there?
She changed her route.
She's headed to the phone
by the library.
Hopkins: Damn it!
It doesn't make any sense.
Why would she do that?
We're dealing
with a loose Cannon.
Hopkins: She's heading to the
phone on the other side of the Plaza.
She's almost there. What do we
do? (Marching band playing)
Igotanidea.
You move those cones and
reroute the band to block her.
I'm gonna cut through the
building to beat her there.
(Marching band playing)
Oh, uh...
(Humming)
It's up to you now, Johnson.
Today we're gonna be talking
about electromagnetic force.
(Dramatic music playing)
Excuse me, can we help you?
Uh, no need, all good.
What is your name?
Warren sapp!
(Holding out for a hero
by Bonnie Tyler playing)
(Line trilling)
Where have all the good
men gone?
And where are all the gods?
Where's the streetwise Hercules
(line trilling)
To fight the rising odds?
Isn't there a white knight
upon a fiery steed?
(Line trilling)
Late at night, I toss and I turn
and I dream of what I need
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero
till the morning light
he's got to be sure
and it's got to be soon
and he's got to be larger
than life
Hopkins. What?
Put your feet down.
Oh. (Chuckles)
(Laughing)
Thank you, baby. Thank you.
I know this sounds crazy,
but I think I might grill up
some peaches.
(Cheers)
Is she making peach burgers?
Mmm-hmm.
Lia, you wouldn't believe
how much beefjerky
they make me eat when I shoot
one of those commercials.
(Chuckles) Guess how much.
One hundred pounds?
One hundred p...
No, now, that is a crazy
amount ofjerky.
Thirty-eight sticks, yeah.
Ooh. Thirty-eight.
I once ate 38 eggs in a day.
Ah, well, there ain't no
money in eggs, my brother,
but beefjerky did pay
for my iambo.
Ran dy: Ooh, yeah!
Billy crystal told me to
buy two lamborghinis
and use them as roller skates.
(All laughing)
Sylvester: I'm so glad
you called me, Lia.
I didn't think you were ever gonna
forgive me for going with Greg yao.
It's funny.
I used to care about things
like that,
but my time in Samoa... (Sighs)
Mom, you get the first burger
off the grill.
Thank you, darling.
I'm not hungry.
You okay, Lia?
You don't seem like yourself.
What's the matter?
(Sighs) Me. I'm the matter.
In Samoa, I had a
lot of time to think,
and I realized the most
important thing is family.
Nothing else matters.
Now that I've come home,
I see how I failed my family.
Mama, you didn't fail us.
I wanted to keep
Peter's dream alive,
his business was our legacy.
And I didn't do that.
He shouldn't have left it to me.
Oh, no, don't say that.
Don't say that.
No, it's true.
I mean, we live in a
two-bedroom apartment in tonka.
Tampa. Andre: Lia.
You gave me a place to stay
when I had nowhere else to go.
I'll never forget that.
Playing cards in your kitchen was
some of the best times of my life.
Auntie, you loaned us money
and helped us get started,
remember?
And I completely betrayed you,
but you still found it
in your heart
to welcome me back
to the family.
When Peter was alive,
I never did see
the wrestling business as his.
He needed you, baba,
same as you needed him.
Peter would have been proud
of the way you fought for us.
To Lia and Peter.
All: Lia and Peter.
Thank you, boys.
Now, can someone get me
a hamburger? I'm starving.
Mom, your
hamburger's right here!
Oh, right, right, right.
You know, I am full on the
love and the well wishes.
(All laughing)
Who wants a peach burger?
Ata: Come on, Randy,
you get in there.
(All laughing)
Got eyes on Chavez.
She stopped for a coffee break
at the student center.
We should have plenty of time
to check this last phone.
Let's get it done, son.
We got this.
(Bicycle bell dings)
(Shouts in slow motion)
(Slowed down) No!
Hopkins, can you hear me?
(Groans)
Hophns! Ihearyou, man!
It's my leg, not my ears!
Come on, get up. I can't.
My leg is busted.
Just go, all right?
Just leave me.
I'm not gonna leave you.
Would tango leave
cash? You can't risk it.
(Grunts) You need
this job for football.
And you, you need
that sega Genesis.
Now come on.
(Dramatic rock music playing)
(Breathing heavily)
Phone services.
I'm commandeering this cart.
(Dramatic music playing)
Johnson, no, don't do it!
Don't do it! Are you crazy?
Look out, look out!
Oh! (Brakes squeak)
(Line trilling) (Laughs)
Yes! We did it.
(Laughs)
Oh, man, I'm thinking
we need to frame this.
Wait. What the hell is that?
There's one more phone,
and it's in the student center.
That's why Chavez
went there first.
She wasn't on a coffee break.
She went to check that phone.
You need to get to it
before she does.
There's no way.
The path goes all the way
around the quad.
It'll take ten minutes.
Not if you cut across on foot.
I've got my walkie. I'll be
with you the whole way.
Phone steam ahead.
What? It's word play.
She hasn't checked it yet.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Damn it!
Hopkins. Hopkins, you there?
Johnson, what's happening
in there?
The phone is dead.
I don't have much time.
Chavez is almost done
with her coffee.
Hang on, Johnson.
Come on, pick up the phone.
(Phone ringing)
Emergency services,
this is Justin.
Justin, it's Hopkins.
We've got a broken phone.
What do we do? I don't know.
It could be a million things.
Just give us a fix, damn it!
Okay, look, nine times
out often, it's the wiring.
Try to unscrew the receiver end.
Johnson, unscrew the receiver.
Right.
Okay. What's next?
There should be
four connected wires...
Blue, white, orange, and black.
Do you see those?
Do you see four wires?
Blue, white, orange, and black.
Yes, but the blue one
and the orange one
aren't connected to anything.
The blue one and the orange
one aren't connected to anything.
Okay, blue wire goes
to the battery.
Orange one goes
to the terminal strip.
Blue wire to the battery,
orange one
to the terminal strip.
Wait, what's the terminal strip?
Isn't that the shady
strip club by the airport?
(Feedback whines)
Damn it, she's heading over.
(Radkdcrackung) Johnson?
Johnson! Hophns!
(Feedback whines and stops)
Okay.
Blue wire to the battery.
Which one's the battery?
You got this, Johnson.
Here goes nothing.
(Heartbeat pounding)
We did it!
(Whoops and chuckles)
Yes!
Heard the Gulf war
is going well.
Whoa, that was intense.
Bet your ass
it was intense, Randall.
(Laughs)
My life has been intense.
That's why I surround myself
with people I trust.
When times are tough,
you don't get rid of them.
You weather out
the storm together.
(Chuckles) So, is Hopkins
still in your life?
Oh, yeah! Yeah, we're in
a football pool together.
That's beautiful. (Laughs)
So, before we go,
do you have any final thoughts
about general Jackson?
I know, without hesitation,
that when the chips are down,
I want general Monica Jackson
by my side.
She is a fighter, she's tough,
and she never gives up,
and I have her back.
And when we need it most,
she's gonna have
america's back as well.
General Jackson,
how much does it mean
to hear Mr. Johnson defend you
through these tough times?
It means that we have
a presidential candidate
with integrity and character.
And I can't think of a better
person to lead our country.
And all this chatter
about my college
newspaper column
has really got my
comedyjuices flowing again.
What? Here's my top ten
reasons why Dwayne Johnson
will be a great leader.
Number ten, he will
never take you for granite.
Number nine, he rocks.
Number eight...
How many more are there?
Eight.
Right.
Power to the pebble.
Number seven.